Don't call me Mr. Su
Call me sister
Mr. Su is really massive
No wonder the business is so big
Mr. Lai Su
I'll give you a toast
Come on, Mr. Su, I'll toast you again
Hello Mr. Su, your new special place has arrived
I've asked him to pick you up.
Yeah, OK.
Mr. Su, you are drunk
Why don't we both come and see you off?
Everyone, Mr. Su, I'll just deliver it
The old color is empty.
Sister, was it me last night?
What happened last night was an accident
I will not be responsible.
Don't be delusional
We're all adults.
There's nothing to worry about
There's 200,000 in here. Let's pretend nothing happened
You're just as heartless as ever
The people who hurt my sister last night
Teach them a lesson
I don't want them to show up in my sister's partner again
Since you want to distance our relationship so much
Then I won't let you